README.md, before:

# COLmmunity chat bot v1.0.0

## About

COLmmunity chat bot is a bot created for Complexity's community nights. It's primary purpose is to facilitate community night games such as faction wars, zombies, and protect the president!

## FACTION Commands

| command         | description                                                                                              | arguments                     | permissions |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| /faction        | creates factions                                                                                         |                               | admin       |
| /assign         | assigns a specific user to a specific faction                                                            | user(obj), faction name (str) | admin       |
| /unassign       | unassigns a user from all factions                                                                       | user (obj)                    | admin       |
| /assign_all     | assigns the maximumum number of users from queue to a faction                                            |                               | admin       |
| /unassign_all   | clears all faction assignments, doesn't clear queue                                                      |                               | admin       |
| /reset          | resets all factions and queue                                                                            |                               | admin       |
| /clear_queue    | clears queue, but not faction assignments                                                                |                               | admin       |
| /start_war      | locks faction assignments, flips users in queue to false, assigns faction roles, sends out voice invites |                               | admin       |
| /reset_roles    | resets all roles for users in queue                                                                      |                               | admin       |
| /print_queue    | prints current queue                                                                                     |                               | admin       |
| /assign_roles   | assigns roles to all members in current factions                                                         |                               | admin       |
| /unassign_roles | unassigns all current faction roles from people in the queue                                             |                               | admin       |

## USER Commands

| command         | description                             | arguments | permissions |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| /join           | command to join a faction war           |           | user        |
| /print_factions | prints all current factions assignments |           | users       |

## Dev notes

1. Please note that the current version 1.0.0 relies entirely on app cache and has no persistent database. There does exist a file for db.js that contains dynamoDB methods and pushes the items that exist in app cache to a DB. We plan to move from app cache to a cloud-based DB at a future version.

## STUFF TO DO:

1. ~~Add /assign_commander function~~
1. ~~Add commander to /print_faction function~~
1. ~~Add /reset command to reset all factions and flipz currently queued users to off.~~
1. ~~Add /clear_queue command to flip all currently queued users to off.~~
1. Add /start command to locks faction assignments, flips users in queue to false, assigns faction roles, sends out voice invites, increment the number of games played per assigned user.

## KNOWN BUGS

1. When a user queues, but leaves the discord server before role assignment, role assigment fails.
1.

Commit message:

begin start war work, refactor db item queue to include open status, updated db functions to differentiate between pullQueue and pullQueuedUsers

README.md, after:

# COLmmunity chat bot v1.0.0

## About

COLmmunity chat bot is a bot created for Complexity's community nights. It's primary purpose is to facilitate community night games such as faction wars, zombies, and protect the president!

## FACTION Commands

| command         | description                                                                                              | arguments                     | permissions |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ----------- |
| /faction        | creates factions                                                                                         |                               | admin       |
| /assign         | assigns a specific user to a specific faction                                                            | user(obj), faction name (str) | admin       |
| /unassign       | unassigns a user from all factions                                                                       | user (obj)                    | admin       |
| /assign_all     | assigns the maximumum number of users from queue to a faction                                            |                               | admin       |
| /unassign_all   | clears all faction assignments, doesn't clear queue                                                      |                               | admin       |
| /reset          | resets all factions and queue                                                                            |                               | admin       |
| /clear_queue    | clears queue, but not faction assignments                                                                |                               | admin       |
| /start_war      | locks faction assignments, flips users in queue to false, assigns faction roles, sends out voice invites |                               | admin       |
| /reset_roles    | resets all roles for users in queue                                                                      |                               | admin       |
| /print_queue    | prints current queue                                                                                     |                               | admin       |
| /assign_roles   | assigns roles to all members in current factions                                                         |                               | admin       |
| /unassign_roles | unassigns all current faction roles from people in the queue                                             |                               | admin       |

## USER Commands

| command         | description                             | arguments | permissions |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| /join           | command to join a faction war           |           | user        |
| /print_factions | prints all current factions assignments |           | users       |

## Dev notes

1. Please note that the current version 1.0.0 relies entirely on app cache and has no persistent database. There does exist a file for db.js that contains dynamoDB methods and pushes the items that exist in app cache to a DB. We plan to move from app cache to a cloud-based DB at a future version.

## STUFF TO DO:

1. ~~Add /assign_commander function~~
1. ~~Add commander to /print_faction function~~
1. ~~Add /reset command to reset all factions and flipz currently queued users to off.~~
1. ~~Add /clear_queue command to flip all currently queued users to off.~~
1. Add /start command to lock faction assignments, flips users in queue to false, assigns faction roles, sends out voice invites, increment the number of games played per assigned user.

## KNOWN BUGS

1. When a user queues, but leaves the discord server before role assignment, role assigment fails.
1. [hard to reproduce] Sometimes /clear_queue does not work, might be a DB problem (exceeding r/w max???)
